Update l2-transaction-cycle-intro.md (#1406)
maticnetwork/matic-docs: docs/zkEVM/protocol/l2-transaction-cycle-intro.md

**Users and the zkEVM communicate using JSON-RPC, which is fully compatible with Ethereum RPC**. This approach allows any EVM-compatible application, such as wallet software, to function and feel like actual Ethereum network users.

### Transactions and Blocks on zkEVM

> In the current design, **a single transaction in the Polygon zkEVM is equivalent to one block**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the current design, **a single transaction is equivalent to one block**.
```

> In addition to enhancing RPC and peer-to-peer communication between nodes, this design strategy achieves better compatibility with current tooling as well as fast finality in L2. It also helps in easily locating users' transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This design strategy not only improves RPC and P2P communication between nodes, but also enhances compatibility with existing tooling and facilitates fast finality in L2. It also simplifies the process of locating user transactions.
```
